Adding index.tsx with the third party components (#3)
janicklas-ralph/next.js: packages/third-parties/README.md

# `@next/third-parties`

> 

Reviewer: Let's add a note at the top that says this is still experimental or early in development, just so folks are aware :)

`@next/third-parties` is collection of components that can be used to efficiently load third party libraries into your Next.js application.

> This package is the Next.js implementation of the [Third Party Capital](https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/third-party-capital/) loading recommendations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package uses [Third Party Capital](https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/third-party-capital/) under the hood to fetch the best loading recommendations.
```

Or something like that

# Usage

## Google Analytics

> The `GoogleAnalytics` component loads a Google Analytics 4 tag into the page and off-loaded the execution to a web worker using Partytown. This includes the 83 kB gtag script that is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `GoogleAnalytics` component loads a Google Analytics 4 tag into the page and off-loads the execution to a web worker using Partytown. This includes the 83 kB gtag script that is required.
```

Also I think we'll have to mention that `nextScriptWorkers` will have to be enabled for this to work (otherwise it'll fallback to loading after the page is interactive) and that it's not yet supported in the App directory: https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/optimizing/scripts#offloading-scripts-to-a-web-worker-experimental

```js
import { GoogleAnalytics } from '@next/third-parties'

export default function Page() {
  return <GoogleAnalytics id="G-7GY583TNN9" />
}
```

## Youtube Embed

> The `YoutubeEmbed` component is used to load and display a Youtube embed. This component loads approximately 224× faster by using [lite-youtube-embed](https://github.com/paulirish/lite-youtube-embed) under the hood.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `YoutubeEmbed` component is used to load and display a YouTube embed. This component loads approximately 224× faster by using [lite-youtube-embed](https://github.com/paulirish/lite-youtube-embed) under the hood.
```

```js
import { YoutubeEmbed } from '@next/third-parties'

export default function Page() {
  return <YoutubeEmbed videoid="ogfYd705cRs" height={400} />
}
```

## Google Maps Embed

> The `GoogleMapsEmbed` component can be used to lazy load a Google Maps Embed using the loading attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `GoogleMapsEmbed` component can be used to include a [Google Maps Embed](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/embed/get-started) to your page. By default, it uses the `loading` attribute to lazy-load below the fold.
```

```js
import { GoogleMapsEmbed } from '@next/third-parties'

export default function Page() {
  return (
    <GoogleMapsEmbed
      height={200}
      width="100%"
      mapMode="place"
      parameters="q=Brooklyn+Bridge,New+York,NY"
    />
  )
}
```

> Check out the [demo](https://test-next-script-housseindjirdeh.vercel.app/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get a better idea of how these components work, take a look at this [demo](https://test-next-script-housseindjirdeh.vercel.app/).
```
